Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2018 American horror film called 'A Quiet
Place'.
The film is directed by John Krasinski and
written by Bryan Woods, Scott Beck and Krasinski.
The storey focuses on a father and a mother
who have to contend with blind creatures with
an incredible sense of hearing while they
fight to keep their family alive and well
in a post-apocalyptic world.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
After 89 days, the majority of Earth's human
population has been destroyed by blind monsters
with acute hearing who attack everything that
makes a sound.
A layer of armor-like skin covers the extraterrestrial
beings, which resist bullets and explosions.
In a desolate town, the Abbott family—wife
Evelyn, husband Lee, Regan, a deaf teenage
daughter, and Lee's younger sons Marcus and
Beau—seek for supplies while remaining quiet.
When the family is outdoors, they use American
Sign Language to communicate.
Four-year-old Beau is intrigued to a battery-powered
space shuttle toy, but because the item would
create noise, his brother, six-year-old Lee,
snatches it away.
Beau replaces the batteries, then gives the
toy back to Regan.
When the family is crossing a bridge, Beau
activates the toy, and it causes a neighbouring
monster to murder him.
Over a year after the incident, Regan continues
to suffer with guilt, Evelyn is pregnant with
her last child, and Lee is trying to establish
radio communication with the outside world.
Lee uses scavenged amplifiers to attempt to
improve Regan's cochlear implant, but the
implants fail.
Lee takes Marcus to a neighbouring river with
a huge waterfall where he teaches him to fish
while Regan visits Beau's monument, which
is located far away from the two of them.
When other strong background noise makes it
harder for the animals to hear, Lee informs
Marcus it is safe to communicate.
Regan claims that she believes she bears some
responsibility for Beau's death and requires
her father to affirm that he loves her.
At the home, Evelyn goes into labour when
she is all alone.
As she was heading to the basement, she stepped
on an exposed nail and dropped a glass picture
frame, making a nearby critter aware of her
presence.
Once she flicks the switch, the external home
lights become red to indicate to the others
that she is in labour.
Lee arrives to the property and tells Marcus
to blow off pyrotechnics as a ruse to cover
their approach.
When Lee discovers that Evelyn is hiding in
the toilet with their newborn boy, he's upset.
As a result, they find themselves in the makeshift
soundproofed basement.
Lee departs to look for the other children.
While Evelyn is asleep, she discovers that
a pipe has broken, causing the basement to
flood, and that an intruder is in the house
with her.
The siblings notify their father by building
a fire on top of a grain silo and taking cover
inside of it.
Yet, before Lee notices, the fire runs out
of lighter fluid.
Marcus unexpectedly falls into the silo as
a hatch door breaks way.
The door that falls confuses the monster that
was following Evelyn, causing it to switch
its attention to Marcus and Regan instead.
While Marcus dives in after Marcus, who had
already plunged in, Regan nearly suffocates
in the corn but Marcus saves her.
The cochlear implant emits a high-frequency
sound to deter the organism.
As the children break out of the silo, they
encounter their father.
The thing reappears, striking Lee and injuring
him.
Marcus and Regan seek refuge in a vehicle,
but they are found and attacked by the creature.
Drawing the creature's attention away from
his father to the truck, Marcus yells.
Before he yells to attract the monster, Lee
signals to Regan that he loves her and always
has.
It assaults and then kills Lee.
While Regan and Marcus attempt to get away
from the approaching army, they deliberately
roll their truck down a hill in order to reconnect
with Evelyn and their infant daughter at the
farmhouse.
They all head downstairs to hide.
Regan, who has learned to recognise the sound
of the implant, does it again, only this time
she connects the device to a microphone that
is amplified.
The monster's exposed skin provides Evelyn
with a clear shot, allowing her to execute
the thing with a shotgun.
The family witnesses a CCTV monitor, which
shows two monsters heading toward the house
where a gunshot has been fired.
As a result of this information, Evelyn loads
her gun again.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.